RESTART ON OPEN
    def run(self):
        self.sim.reset()
-save needs to change "current file"
-radial absolute Orientation
-camera.py -> screentotex fallback for 0 size
Rewrite slider tooltips
write tooltips for some sim controls
tune slider ranges

-Text entry box with absolute orientation -> Text
-Threshold particles to be invisible.
-position transform in cam_brush.vert like circle inversion or something
-emboss only positive
-trail persistence stop at .9999 or something
-script for determing reasonable slider ranges
-Z no longer reset sim

Orientation mode: 
    intrinsic
        velocity
        velocity field ahead or behind
        time or phase
    extrinsic
        fixed
        towards center.
        away from edges
        image based

Symmetry mode:
    local coord 1
    local coord 2
    both


Video recording should have it's own motion blur controls.

Hive Explorer is like an interactive lava lamp. 
Thousands of particles interact resulting in a great variety of forms and patterns.
Thumb through the presets in File->Load to see what is possible.
-Basics (see help->Controls for more)
Move the camera around with WASD. Zoom in or out with Q/E or scroll wheel.
Press R to reset the simulation. Press G to toggle pause.
-Trails
Particles in hive explorer can't directly 'see' each other. 
Instead, they interact by leaving pheremone trails as they move, like ants.
These trails accumulate on the 'Canvas' where particles can see them. Trails spread out and fade over time.
You can try writing your own pheremone trails to the canvas with 'Draw Trails' mouse mode (Preferences -> mouse mode)
-Rules
There is no fixed particle behavior in Hive Explorer. 
Each particle has a 'Rule' which determines how it moves in response to nearby trails.
These rules can be mutated and evolved. In particle selection mouse mode, click on a particle to set it's rule as the 'active Rule'.
Now every particle will adopt that rule (with mutations). right click to undo setting a new target rule.
-Mutations
Particles are grouped into 'Cohorts'. Each cohort shares a single mutation, so all the particles in a given cohort behave the same.
When the mutation Rate is greater than 0, different cohorts can behave differently, sometimes radically so.
The new rules generated by these mutations can also be selected as the active rule, so you can evolve particle behavior over many iterations. 
If you want to reset all the cohorts to random Rules, press Z. (this can be undone with right click)
-Save/Load
Create something you like? Save it as a new preset with File->Save...
The active rule, current mutations, and everything on the physics panel will be restored when you load the save (Physics Sliders, Additional Settings, and Appearance)
You can also press Ctrl-C to copy a 'save string' to your clipboard, and Ctrl-V to load a save string from the clipboard.
This is useful when you don't want a permanent save, but want a checkpoint to return to.